Add documentation on how to use IoTaWatt with energy management (#19155)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/iotawatt.markdown

ha_platforms:
  - sensor
---

> A sensor platform for the [IoTaWatt](https://www.iotawatt.com/) Open WiFi Electricity Monitor. It

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration for the [IoTaWatt](https://www.iotawatt.com/) Open WiFi Electricity Monitor. It
```

While it's sensors only now, it is a full integration and not a sensor platform :man_shrugging:

will collect data from the Current Transformer Clamps (Input CTs) and any Outputs that are defined on the IoTaWatt
and create them as sensors in Home Assistant.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Energy management

IoTaWatt does not provide the exact data that is needed for energy management. We're working with the IotaWatt team on resolving this.

Until then, you can use these instructions to create the correct entities that work with energy management:

### Configure IoTaWatt

You will need to configure two new IoTaWatt output sensors:

| Name | Unit | Formula
| - | - | -
| MainsConsumption|Watts|`(Main_In_Red + Main_In_White + Main_In_Blue) max 0`

> | MainsExport|Watts|`((Main_In_Red + Main_In_White + Main_In_Blue) min 0) abs`

Reviewer: This kind of table really sucks when rendered.

Can we use a `{% configuration %}` block instead?

<https://deploy-preview-19155--home-assistant-docs.netlify.app/integrations/iotawatt/#configure-iotawatt>

Reviewer: I guess not..
